feat(changelog): secret-manager-added-secret-encryption-with-client-mana 2025-06-20 (#5152)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2025/2025-06-20-secret-manager-added-secret-encryption-with-client-mana.mdx

---
title: Secret encryption with client-managed Key Manager keys
status: added
date: 2025-06-20
category: security-identity
product: secret-manager
---

> Secrets can now be encrypted with any encryption key stored by clients in Key Manager. 
> You can decide to encrypt your payload with any symmetric key in the Project, or delegate the management of the encryption Key to Scaleway like before.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secrets can now be encrypted with any encryption key you may have stored in Key Manager. 
You can choose to encrypt your payload using a symmetric key you manage, or continue relying on Scaleway-managed encryption, as before.
```
